[cmd/opampsupervisor] feat: Add extensions framework to supervisor (#47732)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: cmd/opampsupervisor/specification/README.md

./otel-binary --config /var/lib/otelcol/supervisor/effective.yaml --feature-gates service.AllowNoPipelines
```

> ### Supervisor Extensions
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Supervisor Extensions

**Note**: this functionality is in development and no extensions are currently supported.

```
Just in case the inclusion of the first extension takes a while.

Note: this capability is experimental and must be manually enabled via the

> `opampsupervisor.Extensions` feature gate (alpha, introduced in v0.151.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`opampsupervisor.Extensions` feature gate (alpha, introduced in v0.152.0).
```

If `extensions` are configured but the gate is disabled, the Supervisor
will not start and the error message names the gate to enable.

These are instances of extensions specific to the Supervisor and are 
distinct from extensions configured inside the managed Collector's

> configuration. Supervisor extensions are loaded and managed by the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
distinct from any extensions configured to run inside the managed
Collector. Supervisor extensions are loaded and managed by the 
```
This is a bit tricky to phrase, but I think we should add extra emphasis to where the extensions run.

Supervisor process itself.

Supervisor extensions are configured under a top-level `extensions:` key
using the same `type` or `type/name` component ID form used by the
Collector:

```yaml
extensions:
  # Single instance, default settings.
  nop:
  # Named instance with custom settings.
  some_extension/primary:
    option_a: value
```

Only extensions present in the Supervisor's factory allowlist are

> supported. The allowlist is intentionally narrow and extensions are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only extensions bundled with the Supervisor's binary are
supported. The list is intentionally narrow and extensions are
```
Just to make the mechanism clearer.
